All right.
So welcome to chapter tree where we set up a planning development machine.
So now that you've gone through the intro you're now ready to get started setting up your machine.
So let's get to it.
So now the first step in setting up a deepening virtual machine is you need to download Virtual Box
Virtual Box is a software that allows us to actually start an entirely new operating system whether
it be Linux Windows or Mac OS although it's not fully supported for Mac OS but you can actually run
an entire new operating system with in a virtual box.
It's super cool.
It's called ritualize.
And it is super fast on new use didn't experience any slowdown really and it is entirely useful for
us to set up our deepening machine because deepening software on Windows is not well-supported.
However on Linux or Ubuntu it is a very good environment for running on our software.
So what you do now is you download either to Windows OS X versions according to what you're using.
So I'm not going to be Windows.
I've really done with it here.
So now what you do as well is you download from the link in the resources file download the deepening
C-v open to that.
File.
This is your wish your machine that we're going to set up so that you have those two files.
Here we are ready to get started.
So now we have to firstly install virtual box.
Now I know this file is quite huge just nine gigs.
So you probably would have wanted to leave this overnight if you have a relatively slow broadband connection.
However if you're a fast connection should take about an hour.
Either way let's install virtual box
so you get to run standard procedure.
I'm not going to do the Mac install video because I don't have access to a Mac.
But as soon as I do upload a video for you Mac users.
However it's a standard installation procedure and all the settings are the same but generally for Mac
and Windows.
So this should relate to you as well.
So you leave all the details here as well.
It's best next.
Next again you can optionally can do this if you want find this is fine press yes install.
Do we go
OK.
So we've finished installation process and now you can start.
You'll get your rocks off and I'll show you how to get everything set up.
All right.
So here we are on a virtual box manage your software so please ignore these two virtual machines I have
a break.
No yours is going to be blank right now since semanticists and you're going to be using this.
So go to file and import appliance.
And now go to the directory where you downloaded your virtual box start of the file.
All right.
So go to open and press next.
Now I have it set to my virtual machine to use force use and use it to exit from.
That is basically of course CPI.
So I have it logical cause and I have and get 16 gig of ram in my system.
So you're going to want to put it to at least half of what your host system can support.
So if you have a dual call you can use two here.
And if you have it is a Frahm you can use for gigs here.
So we can make those adjustments and leave everything else the same.
It's fine and good to import.
And now this time is basically a lie it's going to take maybe about 10 20 minutes.
So I'm going to pause the video here and when it's done we can start off with your machine and I'll
show you how to use it.
It's quite easy and we'll get done it and set up whole code.
And that should be at
OK.
So that's it.
We have just installed virtual machine.
So now this is the new one here because I already have it working here.
It came up as under school one knows is going to be this one.
So either way it's the same machine.
So let's just start this one fresh one I just installed.
It takes about maybe tity seconds to boot up at least on my system.
This is all normal by the way it's a pudding's screenful and Ventoux
There we go.
So we're loaded.
Oh yes.
This is pretty cool.
So now you're actually running Ubuntu within Windows.
And it's because it's using of which lies those features on your CD.
It's going to run pretty quick.
You're not going to notice much of a slowdown.
So what I want to do is two things I want to show you.
First of all your password for your virtual machine.
Whenever you do sudo or any sort of flick system settings we change users and stuff the password for
this user is 1 1 2 2 treat 3 4 4.
It's going to be in the touch resources of your file and I'm going to display it on screen as well.
So you don't forget it.
So let's just see something here.
So what I want to show you is that we have our old machine this is all file structure here.
So this is a home directory right now.
We have a bunch of things installed here right now.
Basically this these things are a lot of deepening libraries.
And I have some instructions as well you don't need to use these right now but what I want to show you
is to basically set up your code and train models.
OK.
So stay tuned.
So what I'm going to need you to do is open Firefox that's a web browser on the buntu by default and
what to do is when Firefox boots up I want you to go to your dummy account when you come and with the
attached resources to this lesson which is also the deep linning code library.
Let's just wait for it to boot up here I think my system has a lot of stuff running right now.
But either way just go to your dummy dot com
and is like Friday so we're on right now.
Nice.
So what to do is basically log into your account.
However you've done it before.
Whichever method you use and download the resources for this for the course that's the code and Treen
model is zip file and download it and it's going to save in your Downloads folder right here.
This is the same file.
And this is a file once you extract.
So double click and this file is going to take a bit to 10 seconds or so to open it's a big file.
So it's reasonable.
And this file here I want you to extract it to your home directory here.
So let's go ahead and do that
let's just reduce this clutter in the background.
And this takes about a minute actually less much less 10 minutes to extract
and when it's done you will see all the code that we need for this course is in a convenient location.
So just quit this
close
and doing something.
But that's fine.
What I want to do is go to home and now you see just Eritrea de-planing CV and it is also a shortcut
to do the same directory.
And let's go back to it here.
This is decomp.
The contents of this are actually sortable and list here.
These are this is all the code entery Mullins is going to need the discourse and it's conveniently extracted
now within your virtual machine.
So now let's go back to Python.
Sorry Otunnu.
So let's play this.
So what if we wanted to test our code.
So what do you do you go to you press source type source activate C-v that's what the plumbing environment
for computer vision.
And it's instantly done.
And now you type python.
Notebook and magic happens.
What this does it starts a local server that hosts your it on the browser.
So now this is where we run all our Python code and I'm going is going to do a brief tutorial on that
here.
So now just good de-planing CV that's just good chapter for getting started.
And let's run our Actually let's run our life sketching
because this loads much quicker and we don't need any files for this.
So let's run this block of code.
I put on the books are basically just blocks of code we can run and all the variables everything is
stored inside of it.
So you press shift and still control and to shift and to run it here.
This takes about maybe five seconds or less every print division up and see that we're we're using 3.4.
If you press Allt and you get a new line below.
So that's sometimes convenient sometimes not shift into just runs it with our precinct producing this
new cell here.
And to delete that espress cut.
So now let's run our sketch now before we do this we're going to have to go with devices here webcams
and take off integrated webcam.
And now let's press shift into to run this block of gold.
There we go.
So this is our browser all lives this is me chatting here.
This is my microphone.
The door is in the back.
So this is pretty cool isn't it.
So that's close us and that is it.
So we have all of the code here.
Everything is preinstalled all the terror Karris tends to flow a bunch of supporting libraries.
The lib is installed a lot of things are stored Actually it probably takes about an hour to do even
with some sometimes to install everything.
So that's it.
You have your full video machine running here.